Update view-tree.md (#2055)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/features/mobile-app-diagnostics/view-tree.md

Explore View Tree feature allows you to see, debug, analyze or determine the state of individual View components. It also informs you about global changes in the view tree.

:::note

> This feature CANNOT be used as Appium Inspector. If you want to use Appium Inspector with Sauce, please visit the following link: https://github.com/saucelabs/appium-inspector-saucelabs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature CANNOT be used as Appium Inspector. If you want to use Appium Inspector with Sauce, see the [Appium Inspector project](https://github.com/saucelabs/appium-inspector-saucelabs) in GitHub.
```
